hello YouTube is Detroit Borg and right
in front of you is my entire iPod
collection or iPod and iPhone collection
excluding the iPod shuffles and the
reason I'm doing this is because I've
been asked what happens when we try
using Apple's iPad VGA adapter alright
so let's just go down the entire line
I'm gonna start with the 5th gen iPod
okay you can't really see it on this
camera but it says firewire connections
are not supported to transfer Sonic's
connect the USB cable provided so at one
point in order to connect the iPod used
to use a firewire and that's old
technology that then Apple has that no
Apple no longer uses for its iPod so
that's apparently a relic of that let's
try the next one see what it tells us
this is the 6th generation iPod Classic
says accessory not supported ok let's
try the first gen iPhone this accessory
is not supported by iPhone alright let's
try in order let's try the iPhone 3G
again this accessory is not supported by
iPhone let's try 3GS again this
accessory is not supported by iPhone
let's try the second generation iPod
Touch this accessory is not supported by
this iPod alright let's see what the
shuffle tells us this is the 4th gen
shuffle once again it says accessory is
not supported so we can imagine what's
going to happen to the 5th generation
iPod Nano accessory is not supported so
you have your answer
of course the ipad vga connector does
not work with any other Apple device
once again this is Detroit Board please
rate and subscribe thanks for watching